Rework CI and improve project toolchain (#212)
JelteF/derive_more: CONTRIBUTING.md

When reviewing a [Pull Request][PR], the primary goals are for the codebase to improve and for the person submitting the request to succeed. Even if a [Pull Request][PR] doesn't land, the submitters should come away from the experience feeling like their effort was not wasted or unappreciated.

#### Abandoned or stalled [Pull Requests][PR]

If a [Pull Request][PR] appears to be abandoned or stalled, it's polite to first check with the contributor to see if they intend to continue the work before checking if they would mind if you took it over (especially if it just has nits left). When doing so, it's courteous to give the original contributor credit for the work they started (by preserving their name and email address with `Co-authored-by:` meta-data tag in the commit).

### Merging

All [PR]s are [squash]-merged to preserve the main history linear and meaningful.

#### Commit message for a [squash] merge

> Commit message for a [squash] merge of the [PR] should mention its number and the number of the relevant [issue] (if it has the one).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commit message for a [squash] merge of the [PR] should mention its number and the number of the relevant [issue] (if it has the one). The commit body should contain the PR description. All of this is done automatically by Github.
```

Author: @JelteF I'm unsure of this suggestion. GitHub automatically not only adds the PR description, but also all the commit messages going to be squashed. Quite a lot of trash, as for me. I think it's better to write a laconic summary by hand.

Reviewer: I set up the repo like this:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1162278/196945036-461e61ed-bd7c-4337-ab7d-be3acedf0e05.png)

Which is a new feature: https://github.blog/changelog/2022-08-23-new-options-for-controlling-the-default-commit-message-when-merging-a-pull-request/

Instead of combining all commit messages (indeed often resulting into trash), the default body is now the same as the PR description. The PR description is is usually a good description of what changes, and if it's not improvements to it can be suggested during review.

## Releasing

To produce a new release of the `derive_more` crate, perform the following steps:

> 1. Bump up the crate version correctly in [`Cargo.toml`] manifest.
> 
> 2. Complete the existing [CHANGELOG] or fill up a new one for the new version declared in [`Cargo.toml`].
> 
> 3. Update [README] with the new version declared in [`Cargo.toml`].
> 
> 4. Apply the Git version tag (in `v<version>` format) and push it.
> 
> 5. Wait for the CI pipeline to complete successfully, and the [GitHub release] being created.
> 
> 6. Publish the crate on [crates.io] via `cargo publish` command.

Reviewer: I use [`cargo release`](https://github.com/crate-ci/cargo-release) to publish which removes some of these steps. 
```suggestion
1. Complete the existing [CHANGELOG] or fill up a new one for the new version.
2. Update [README] installation instructions with the new version.
3. Run `cargo release patch` (or `minor` or `major`)
4. Wait for the CI pipeline to complete successfully, and the [GitHub release] being created.
```
